IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT (THE “AGREEMENT”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SAFER VPNSOFTWARE AND SERVICES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SERVICE”). SAFER SOCIAL LTD. (the "COMPANY") IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU AS THE INDIVIDUAL OR THE LEGAL ENTITY THAT WILL BE UTILIZING THE SERVICE (REFERENCED BELOW AS “YOU” OR “YOUR”) ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ALSO APPLY TO ANY UPDATES, AND SUPPORT SERVICES FOR THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY, UNLESS OTHER TERMS ACCOMPANY THOSE ITEMS. IF SO THOSE TERMS APPLY. READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICE. THIS IS A LEGAL AND ENFORCEABLE CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY. BY CLICKING THE "I AGREE" BUTTON OR USING THE SERVICE OR INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, CLICK THE "CANCEL" AND DO NOT USE THE SERVICE OR INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.
Should You have any questions concerning this Agreement or any of the terms herein, You may contact support@safervpn.com.
1. Eligibility & Registration
The use of the Service is limited to parties that can lawfully enter into and form contracts under applicable law. Every person who uses the Services hereby represents to the Company that he or she is more than 18 years of age, and is fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in thisAgreement and to abide by and comply with the terms of this Agreement. If You are under 18 years of age, please do not use the Services.
2. Service Description
The Service is avirtual private network communications service that includes client software (“Software”) installed on Your computer or other device (collectively, the “Computer”), that interacts with the Company's servers (or third party contractors' servers) which allow You to create a virtual private connection. The client Software on Your Computer connects to a server network infrastructure that is deployed on the internet and operated as a managed service by the Company and other service providers. All or portions of the Service provided hereunder may be provided by a third-party provider, including but not limited to, the network infrastructure as well as credit card processing.
3. Non-Personal Information Safer Social Ltd. Collects from www.SaferVPN.com and How We Use It:
You will have certain rights to use the Software and access the Service during the Service Period. The “Service Period” shall begin on either: (i) the date of purchase of the Service, if You purchased a subscription for the Service online, or (ii) the date You activate the Service, if You obtained the Service through other means (for example, if access to the Service came pre-installed on a Computer, or if You are activating a free or trial version of the Service),and shall continue for the period of time set forth in the Service documentation.
4. License
(a) The Company hereby grants You a nonexclusive, nontransferable license to access and use the Service, and any related client Software provided by the Company, solely in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and the respective Service documentation. (b) The client Software and access to the Service is licensed, not sold.The Company and its third party licensors shall retain all right, title and interest in the Software and Service, including without limitation all intellectual property rights embodied therein. In addition, all materials included with the Software and Service, including all trademarks, service marks, and trade names are the property of the Company and its third party licensors. You do not acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Software and Service, other than those specified in this Agreement. (c) To the extent permissible by applicable law, You may not, nor may You permit any other person or entity to: 
• sublicense, redistribute or lease any portion of the Service or the Software; 
• reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, translate, make any attempt to discover the source code of the Software or create derivative works from the Software or Service; or 
• reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion or use of, or access to, the Software or Service; or 
• copy, reproduce, capture, store, retransmit, distribute, or burn to CD (or any other format or device) any copyrighted content that You access or receive while using the Software or Service. You assume all risk and liability for any such prohibited use of copyrighted material.
5. Safer VPN Account
(a) To use the Service, You and, if applicable, Your users, need to set up a SaferVPN Account (the "Account"). When You set up Your Safer VPN Account, we ask You to provide certain information, such as Your name, email address, and account password.You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your SaferVPN Account password and, if applicable, Your users’ passwords. (b) You agree to provide the Company with accurate and truthful registration information, including, but not limited to, Your name and email addressto keep Your registration information current during the Service Period as defined above.
6. Acceptable Use
(a) You will be responsible for maintaining and protecting the confidentiality of all SaferVPN Account information provided by You, and will be fully responsible for all activities that occur under such SaferVPN Accounts (except for any activities carried out by or expressly authorized by the Company). (b) You are and will be solely responsible for Your conduct related to the Service. You specifically agree that You shall abide by and cooperate with the Company to enforce and/or prevent potential violations of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and any other similar legislation to which You are subject, such as in the European Union the national implementations of Directive 2001/29/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 May 2001 on the harmonization of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the information society. In the United Kingdom these are contained in the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. (c) You further agree that You will not use the Service:
 • in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, or to promote the violation of any applicable laws or regulations;
• to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any content which is obscene, indecent, or pornographic, or which is otherwise objectionable;
• in a fraudulent or deceptive manner;
• to upload, post, or otherwise transmit content which You do not have a right to or which would otherwise infringe the intellectual property rights of any party; 
• to defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or to violate the legal rights of others or to take action which is invasive of the privacy rights of others;
• to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any content that contains viruses or other harmful computer code or files such as Trojan horse, worms, time bombs, or the like;
• to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes” or any other form of solicitation;
• Illegal or unauthorized access to other computers or networks;
• use of torrents;
• to attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service, the accounts of other Service users, or computer systems or networks connected to the Service; or to otherwise interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service
• delete the copyright or other proprietary rights on the Software or Service;
• use the Service or Software for any commercial use without the prior written consent of the Company, it being understood that unless specifically provided otherwise in the respective Service documentation, the Software and Service are for personal, non-commercial use only;
• use the Software or Service if You are under the age of 18 years old;
• remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Software or Service, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of the Software, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Service; 
• reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Service or Software or any part thereof, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation; or
• modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based upon the Software or Service or any part thereof, except and only to the extent foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law. (d) You understand that, notwithstanding the Company’s efforts and the terms contained in this Agreement, You may be exposed to content which You find to be offensive, indecent or objectionable when using the Service, and, accordingly, You use the Service at Your own risk of being exposed to such content.
7. Changes to the Service; Changes to Terms of Service
You shall have the right to receive new features to the Software and Service as the Company, in its sole discretion, makes such features available during Your Service Period. The Company continually strives to improve the usability and performance of its products and services. In order to optimize the Software and Service the Companymay, at its discretion: (i) add, modify or remove features of the Software and Services, or (ii) temporarily restrict the use of the Software and Services or limit its availability in order to perform maintenance activities, at any time with or without notice to You. The Company may also update the terms of this Agreement and recommends that You check the terms of this Agreement on a regular basis to see if they’ve been updated. The Company will post any modifications on www.safervpn.com/legal.html(or such other URL that the Company may provide from time to time). You agree that You will be considered to have been given notice of any modifications once the Company posts them to www.safervpn.com/legal.html. Your continued use of the Service will be deemed to be Your acceptance of the updated terms of this Agreement.
8. Termination and Suspension
Your right to use the Service shall terminate upon expiration of the Service Period. In addition, the Company may, at its sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate Your use of the Service at any time with or without notice to You if You violate, or the Company reasonably believes that You have violated, the terms of this Agreement, or if Your use of the Service may cause the Company to have legal liability or disrupt others’ use of the Service (in which case no refund shall be made).
Without derogating from the above, the Company reserves the right to discontinue the Service or to change the content of the Service in any way and at any time, with or without notice to You, without liability.
9. Fees
You acknowledge that the company reserves the right to create a subscription service through one or more third party merchants. Payments will be charged on the day you sign up for a paid subscription and will cover use of that service for the duration of one (1) month, one (1) year, or any other period depending on the service plan level. A subscription plan is an automatic payment recurring based on the service plan. All accounts are offered as is at the time of purchase. Future services offered by SaferVPN.com or the company may not be included with the account. You may cancel the account subscription at anytime; the account will remain active for the remainder of your billing cycle.
The company reserves the right to change the fees at anytime at its discretion. Subscriber understands that the company is not obligated to honor errors due to typos and is not responsible for misinformation provided on third party websites or affiliates.
10. Refund Policy
To the extent permissible by applicable law, all purchases are final, non-cancelable, and non-refundable, except as specified in the applicable returns policy.
11. Privacy; Data Protection
Your privacy is important to the Company. When Youset up a Safer VPN Account the Company collects information from You as described in the Privacy Policy. The Company's Privacy Policy is available at https://www.safervpn.com/privacy_policy, which is incorporated into these Terms by this reference.
12. Copyrights
The Company respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects others to do the same. It is the Company’s policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement which may include, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disabling a Your ability to transmit and/or store material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and/or terminating Your ability to use the Service at all. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”), the Company will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Service or the Company's website (the “Site”) that are reported to the Company, listed in the notice formatbelow. If the Company takes such measures, the Company will make a good-faith attempt to contact the user who stored and/or transmitted the content so that he or she may make a counter notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. It is the Company’s policy to document all notices of alleged infringement on which we act. If You are a copyright owner, or an authorized agent thereof, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, and believe that any user of the Company'sService has infringed upon Your copyrights, You may submit a DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to the Company’s Designated Copyright Agent (contact information below). Upon receipt of the Notice as described below, the Company will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of or disabling access to the challenged material at the Site. To file a DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement with Company's Copyright Agent, You must provide a written communication (by regular mail or e-mail) that sets forth the items specified below. Please note that You may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if You materially misrepresent that a product or activity is infringing Your copyrights. Accordingly, if You are not sure whether material available online infringes Your copyright, we suggest that You first contact an attorney. To expedite our ability to process Your request, please use the following format: i. Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that You believe has been infringed upon, or - if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this notice - You may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that You claim have been infringed. ii. Identify (i) the material that You claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and provide information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site where such material may be found, and (ii) the reference or link, to the material or activity that You claim to be infringing, that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that reference or link, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site where such reference or link may be found. You must identify each separate item of infringing material. iii. Provide information reasonably sufficient to permit the Company to contact You (email address, telephone number and a mailing address). iv. Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice, if they are true: a. “I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material or reference or link to such material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).” b. “I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.” v. Provide Your full legal name and Your electronic or physical signature. vi. Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to the Company's Designated Copyright Agent at dmca@safervpn.comBY EMAIL: with the words "DMCA Complaint" in the subject line. If You fail to comply with all of the requirements set forth above, Your DMCA notice may not be valid.
13. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE AND THE SOFTWARE AND ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICE AND SOFTWARE, ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND THE COMPANY HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING: (A) THE COMPANY CANNOT AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE COMPANY SPECIFICALLY DOES NOT MAKE ANY CLAIM OR WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR SECURE AND ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR ALTERATION OF, ANY CONTENT OR ANY USER COMMUNICATION OR MESSAGE; (B) NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION GIVEN BY THE COMPANY, ITS LICENSORS, AFFILIATES, ITS AGENTS, OR ITS CONTRACTORS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES WILL VARY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR CREATE ANY WARRANTY; (C) THE COMPANY AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING TRANSACTIONS EXECUTED AND CONTENT AND INFORMATION ACCESSED BY USING THE SERVICE; (D) THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION OF COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, FAILURE OF ANY EMAIL OR USERS DUE TO TECHNICAL PROBLEMS OR TRAFFIC CONGESTION ON THE INTERNET OR ON ANY OF THE SERVICE OR COMBINATION THEREOF, INCLUDING ANY INJURY OR DAMAGE TO USERS OR TO ANY PERSON'S COMPUTER RELATED TO OR RESULTING FROM PARTICIPATION OR DOWNLOADING MATERIALS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE; (E) UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE COMPANY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH, RESULTING FROM USE OF THE SERVICE, FROM ANY USER CONTENT POSTED ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE; AND (F) THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICE. WITHOUT DEROGATING FROM THE ABOVE, THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DEFACEMENT, MISUSE, ABUSE, NEGLECT, IMPROPER USE OF THE SERVICES BY YOU, FORCE MAJEURE EVENTS OUT OF THE COMPANY’S REASONABLE CONTROL SUCH AS IMPROPER ELECTRICAL VOLTAGES OR CURRENT, REPAIRS, ALTERATIONS, MODIFICATIONS BY OTHERS, ACCIDENTS, FIRE, FLOOD, VANDALISM, ACTS OF GOD, OR THE ELEMENTS. TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AS SET FORTH ABOVE, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHICH CASE ALL WARRANTIES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTIONy12, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE DISCLAIMERS, LIMITATIONS AND WAIVERS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED HEREIN WILL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OF YOUR SAFER VPN ACCOUNT(S) OR ANY SERVICES OR ANY USE OF THE SERVICE. UK CONSUMERS ONLY: IF YOU ARE A CONSUMER IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, YOU MAY HAVE CERTAIN STATUTORY RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF LOSSES CAUSED BY THE COMPANY’S NEGLIGENCE, OR THE COMPANY’S BREACH OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS.
14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS INCLUDING MEMBER COUNTRIES OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE BELOW LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, OR ITS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, UNFORESEEABLE,INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOST OR IMPUTED PROFITS OR REVENUES, LOSS OR DESTRUCTION OF CONTENT, INFORMATION OR DATA, COSTS OF COVER, INTERRUPTED SERVICE, OR RELIANCE UPON THE SERVICE, ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM, OR RELATED TO, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL THEORY UNDER WHICH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED, ANDEVEN IF THE COMPANY IS AWARE OF OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH HEREIN, THE COMPANY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR SUCH CLAIM,WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL CHARGES PAID BY YOU TO THE COMPANY FOR THE AFFECTED SERVICE IN THE TWELVE MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE COMPANY'S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL CHARGES PAID BY YOU TO THE COMPANY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM (“DAMAGE CAP”). THE COMPANY AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY IF SERVICE CHANGES REQUIRE CHANGES TO YOUR EQUIPMENT, DEGRADE YOUR EQUIPMENT PERFORMANCE OR SERVICE PERFORMANCE WITH THE EQUIPMENT, OR MAKE YOUR EQUIPMENT OBSOLETE. TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES AS SET FORTH ABOVE, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHICH CASE THE COMPANY'S LIABILITY TO YOU WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION y13 WILL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF YOUR SAFER VPN ACCOUNT OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE. UK CONSUMERS ONLY: NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL LIMIT OR EXCLUDE THE COMPANY’S LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, OR FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
15. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, demands, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of investigation), arising out of, or related to, (a) Your use of the Service, (b) Your breach of this Agreement, including Your breach of any covenant, representation, warranty, term or condition set forth herein, and (c) Your violation of any law or regulation or of any third party's rights, including any third party's intellectual property rights. The obligation set forth in this Section y14 will survive any termination or expiration of Your Safer VPN Account, the Service, or Your use of the Service.
16. U.S. Government Restricted Rights
For United States Government procurements, the Software is deemed to be commercial computer software as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") and subject to restricted rights as defined in FAR "Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights" and “Rights in Commercial Computer Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation”, as applicable, and any successor regulations. Any use, modification, reproduction release, performance, display, or disclosure of the Software by the U.S. Government shall be solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
17. Export Regulation
You acknowledge that the Software and related technical data and services (collectively "Controlled Technology") is subject to the import and export laws of the United States, namely the U.S. Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"), and the laws of any country where Controlled Technology is imported or re-exported. You agree to comply with all relevant laws and will not export any Controlled Technology in contravention to U.S. law nor to any prohibited country, entity, or person for which an export license or other governmental approvalis required. All of the Company's products are prohibited for export or re-export to any country subject to relevant trade sanctions. USE OR FACILITATION OF THE COMPANY'S PRODUCTS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACTIVITY INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DESIGN, DEVELOPMENT, FABRICATION, TRAINING, OR TESTING OF CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, OR NUCLEAR MATERIALS, OR MISSILES, DRONES, OR SPACE LAUNCH VEHICLES CAPABLE OF DELIVERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION IS PROHIBITED, IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW.
18. Entire Agreement
This Agreement and the terms for supplements, updates, Software (including any agreement that may be included with the Software provided by the Company for use with the Service), Internet-based services and support services that You use, are the entire agreement for the Service and the Software.
19. General terms; Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement and any dispute between You and the Company will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state Israel, and both You and the Company agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the competent courts in Tel Aviv, Israel with respect to any dispute between us. If any provision of this Agreement is ruled invalid, such invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this Agreement. No waiver by either the Company or You of any breach or default under this Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any of any other breach or default under this Agreement.
20. Legal Effect
This Agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of Your state or country. This Agreement does not change Your rights or obligations under the laws of Your state or country if the laws of Your state or country do not permit it to do so.